AIPathway -> A student learning Dashboard

Made with using MERN STACK and redux for state management. 

// Package Used

npm i  -> Install Packages
1. express -> Helps in creating servers easily and managing routes, requests, and responses.

2. dotenv > Keeps sensitive information secure and hidden from code.

3. mongoose -> An ODM (Object Data Modeling) library for MongoDB. Helps you define schemas & models for your database.Makes interacting with MongoDB easier (Course.find(), User.save()).

4. jsonwebtoken -> Used for authentication. Creates and verifies tokens (JWTs) so that users stay logged in securely.

5. nodemon -> A dev tool that automatically restarts your server whenever you make changes in your code.

6. cookie-parser -> Middleware to parse cookies attached to client requests. Useful when you store JWTs or session info in cookies.

7. bcryptjs -> A library for hashing and comparing passwords.
                Ensures user passwords are stored securely in your database.

8. validator -> Provides functions to validate and sanitize strings. check if an email is valid. 

9. cors -> Stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing.
            Frontend ↔ Backend Communication

Step .1 -> Make connection with MongoDB using mongoose

Step. 2 -> Create Authenication and Authorization System

1. -> Create authController for login, logout and signup

signup -> Check user already exist or not. If not then sign up
          Check for email is valid or not using validator package
          Check for password is valid or not must > than 8 characters.
          Hash the password using bcrypt.hash method for security purpose.
          Generate the token (using jwt) and send with cookie.because of this no need to tell the server who you are ?

login -> Find the email in the database if user already exits
         then takes password and compare password using bcrypt.compare that matches hash password with plain password both are same or not
         Generate the token and send with cookie.because of this no need to tell the server who you are ?
         If user not found then gives res User not found.

logout -> Clear the token from the cookie with the help of this
          server forget who you are and you have to login again.

2. Create seperate routes for login, signup & logout. using express in seperate route folder

3. Make dynamic routes in index.js

4. Create a middleware 
This check the user have token or not. If not then sends respond User doesn't have the token.
If Yes, then verify the token using jwt.verify
Check user have valid token or not . If valid then attach with userId. 